[Music]
[Applause]
I'm looking back I'm trying to get my
mind right
was it you I mean I'm like so I'm right
in my way is with the time right so let
you go so I can make my wrongs right
away I said I was there where we don't
need to vision we let ourselves fall
when we need to be free
I'm worried bail others what I need to
be me we look into fight when it needs
to be please don't let me see you smile
let it break between the grand and
there's a lot of goodies just in between
the stand and there's a lot of calm
missions in between the way I'm living
for today and not the diffidence and
that's the difference between me you and
me I'm on a mission we just trying to
find it
feel it in your veins that you can feel
it in your shirt let it take you away to
the signs in the music can you be there
for me you're the reason that I ride
I'll be lost if you leave me alone
[Music]
look just like a living in their present
how do I know where to go or if I may be
right is there a key your role to
regulate cuz everyone is always looking
for an answer I'm just trying to put in
working some fucking answers that way if
I fail to survive when they when we miss
about me didn't say I never try and
what's the goal if you have a plan of
action simply hello we're just
encouraging distraction so I would
rather take a shot in the dark and to
live my whole life
can you be there for me you're the
reason that our
I'll be lost if you leave me alone
[Music]
hold it stop it let's just drop it I'm
looking for the answer but I don't know